hi friends from youtube i'm creepy pastas
full and today I bring you a creepy pasta
very good without waiting for more let's start
the creepy pasta is titled the page
damn
I was always an immature who believed
things that others said had
stories that I always believed even if they were
very funny fan they lied a lot and believed
I matured and I realized that almost all
my short life were lies for my
called friends of that time left
and I met people like me mature
intelligent and honest have already passed
many years of that event that marked me
life leaving me nightmares
hallucinations and many more things I do not
I experienced the worst but still I frame them
I will tell my story and be careful
of the things they are looking for online
surfing the internet I read in a forum
pretty sinister about a web page
that contains everything a web page that
if you come in and ask something is it
will answer with an accuracy that the most
It's likely that you lose your sanity with
what you read to enter reminded me
quite a blind the maiden as the
conditions were have to be 12 in
the night and lights off but one if
I could be with someone
he also said that one never had to
put volume but
I did not say why I thought it was
lie invite my best friend to
stay at my house and get into that
page I turned on two speakers increase
volume and I entered the url that said the
forum and sent me to a web page to
load the page said you are safe and
select accept was a page in
white with only one part that said
sears me and my friend we laughed then one
page that has it all we think that
it would be more surprising to squeeze search and
write what many wonder
there god when squeezing art just came out
one result I clicked on the
speakers were heard a scream
chilling and whispers that do not
they understood I tried to turn off the speakers
but I could not lower the volume to the minimum
but still the scream was heard and the
whispers my friend and I were
scared by the scream that is still
listened but we controlled and read
what it said that I remember after I
I fainted and hit me in the head
affected my memory and I do not remember anymore and
when I woke up I saw my friend without eyes and
ears nor nose nor tongue was thrown
on the floor
I was screaming crying and panicking
absolute was still the website in the
home I grabbed my friend and took him to
hospital although with terror then to see it
It affected me greatly in the hospital
they were surprised to see him children
sick people shouted the secretaries
they cried my friend was still alive but
the doctors said that you can not
insert again the physical features the
policemen went to my house and examined
the place did not meet nor the nose and
the ears etc. and the computer
I was off I went where my friend had
my face covered and I handed it to a
pencil and a sheet to one already and I asked
What happened when I passed it I the
blood when reading what he wrote after
that you faint that you heard a
shout from the speakers and said you should
pay then I felt like I lost my
facial features was bleeding and
screaming in pain but for some reason
I did not listen to the neighbors I started to
fall out
while I saw a silhouette wrapped in
fire and and everything happened because you invited me
to your house to see that good friends page
that was all I hope you liked